add more documentation about how tests work (#14804)
arangodb/arangodb: README_maintainers.md

  - [Linux Core Dumps](#linux-core-dumps)
  - [Windows Core Dumps](#windows-core-dumps)
- [Unittests](#unittests)
  - [invoking driver tests](#driver-tests) via scripts/unittests

>   - [capturing test communication](#running-tcpdump--windump-for-the-sut) but

Reviewer: I would rephrase this as "capturing test HTTP communication".
Additionally, is the "--" in the anchor intentional?

Author: `### Running tcpdump / windump for the SUT` is probably converted to `--` by the github headline anchor generator.

>     [maybe also downgrade to JSON](#forcing-downgrade-from-vpack-to-json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [forcing communication to use plain-text JSON](#forcing-downgrade-from-vpack-to-json)
```
